# Javascript Playground

Here's an overview of each approach:

Inline JavaScript: Inline JavaScript is code that is included within the <script> tags directly in the HTML file. This approach is simple and easy to use, but can make the HTML file more cluttered and difficult to read, especially for larger scripts.
```
<html>
<head>
  <title>Inline JavaScript Example</title>
</head>
<body>
  <h1>Hello, world!</h1>
  <script>
    alert('Hello, world!');
  </script>
</body>
</html>
```
Internal JavaScript: Internal JavaScript is code that is included in the <script> tags within the <head> or <body> section of an HTML file. This approach is more organized and separates the JavaScript code from the HTML content, but can still make the file larger and harder to read.
```
<html>
<head>
  <title>Internal JavaScript Example</title>
  <script>
    function sayHello() {
      alert('Hello, world!');
    }
  </script>
</head>
<body>
  <h1 onclick="sayHello()">Click me!</h1>
</body>
</html>
```
External JavaScript: External JavaScript is code that is stored in a separate file with a .js extension and linked to the HTML file using the <script> tag. This approach is more efficient, best performance as the JavaScript code can be cached and reused across multiple pages, but requires an additional HTTP request to load the file.
```
<html>
<head>
  <title>External JavaScript Example</title>
  <script src="script.js"></script>
</head>
<body>
  <h1 onclick="sayHello()">Click me!</h1>
</body>
</html>
```
Run the JavaScript file using Node.js: To run the JavaScript file using Node.js, you can use the command line interface (CLI). Open the CLI and navigate to the directory where your JavaScript file is saved. Then, type the following command:

node app.js

# Objects
Object is used for collection of Data, functionality
Object are created using curly brackets
Object are made of Properties and Methods

```
const person = {
    first: 'wes',
    last: 'bos'
    age: 100
};
```
We are created an object that groups together sub-variables, object is a collection sub-variables. 
age, first, last are properties of the person object.

### Task
Access person.age in console
TypeOf(person)

SNOBUSN= string, number, object, boolean, undefined, symbol, Null

# Null & Undefined
There are two ways to express 'nothing' in Javascript

## Undefined
undefined comes about when a variable is created but not set.
```
let dog;
console.log(dog);
```
dog is undefined

## NUll
```
let somethingUndefined;
const somethingNull = null;

const person = {
    first: 'Ranveer'
    last: 'Singh'
}
person.first='Ranveer';
person.last= null;
```

# Boolean & Equality
```
let isDrawing = false;
const age = 18;
const ofAge = age > 19;
console.log(ofAge)
```

Always use '===' tripe equals is best practise
```
console.log terminal
age === 100
10 == 10
10 === 10
'10' == 10
"10" === 10
```
Triple equal checks value and type

